doc/imports.md, before:

Imports API
===========
Create and run imports into your nation with this API.

Create Endpoint
---------------
Use this endpoint to start an import into your nation.

```
POST /api/v1/imports
```

### Parameters

* `type` - "voter_file" or "voting_history", depending on what fields you wish to import with the file
* `file` - a RFC 4648 base 64 encoded version of the contents of the file you wish to import, using the alphabet defined as "URL and Filename safe Base64 Alphabet" by the standard

Show Endpoint
-------------

Show the status of an import with this endpoint

{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "queued"
    }
  }
}

Full Example
------------

In order to import the following file:

```
first_name,last_name
Byron,Anderson
```

Available fields are available

You need to issue the following request:

```
POST https://foobar.nationbuilder.com/api/v1/imports
```

```json
{
  "import": {
    "type": "voter_file",
    "file": "Zmlyc3RfbmFtZSxsYXN0X25hbWUKQnlyb24sQW5kZXJzb24K"
  }
}
```

To get the value to put in the "file" field, you can use a library such as (this for Ruby)[http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.0/libdoc/base64/rdoc/Base64.html] or (this for Java)[http://download.java.net/jdk8/docs/api/java/util/Base64.html]

Success on this endpoint will return a 200 response and a JSON response including a new "id" field and excluding the encoded file contents:

```json
{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "queued"
    }
  }
}
```

This should also queue the import to run, and you can then check for updates on the status of the import with the show endpoint:

```
GET https://foobar.nationbuilder.com/api/v1/imports/5
```

```json
{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "working",
      "processed": 100,
      "total": 198
    }
  }
}
```

Possible statuses you can receive are queued, working, and finished, and more information may be available for you to understand the status of your import.

Commit message:

Add info on base64 encoding CSV files

doc/imports.md, after:

Imports API
===========
Create and run imports into your nation with this API.

Create Endpoint
---------------
Use this endpoint to start an import into your nation.

```
POST /api/v1/imports
```

### Parameters

* `type` - "voter_file" or "voting_history", depending on what fields you wish to import with the file
* `file` - a RFC 4648 base 64 encoded version of the contents of the file you wish to import, using the alphabet defined as "URL and Filename safe Base64 Alphabet" by the standard

Show Endpoint
-------------

Show the status of an import with this endpoint

{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "queued"
    }
  }
}

Full Example
------------

In order to import the following file:

```
first_name,last_name
Byron,Anderson
```

Available fields are available

You need to issue the following request:

```
POST https://foobar.nationbuilder.com/api/v1/imports
```

```json
{
  "import": {
    "type": "voter_file",
    "file": "Zmlyc3RfbmFtZSxsYXN0X25hbWUKQnlyb24sQW5kZXJzb24K"
  }
}
```

To get the value to put in the "file" field, you can use a library such as [this for Ruby](http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.0/libdoc/base64/rdoc/Base64.html) or [this for Java](http://download.java.net/jdk8/docs/api/java/util/Base64.html) On a most Unix machines, you can use `base64 -i my_spreadsheet.csv` to base64 encode a CSV file.

Success on this endpoint will return a 200 response and a JSON response including a new "id" field and excluding the encoded file contents:

```json
{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "queued"
    }
  }
}
```

This should also queue the import to run, and you can then check for updates on the status of the import with the show endpoint:

```
GET https://foobar.nationbuilder.com/api/v1/imports/5
```

```json
{
  "import": {
    "id": 5,
    "type": "voter_file",
    "status": {
      "name": "working",
      "processed": 100,
      "total": 198
    }
  }
}
```

Possible statuses you can receive are queued, working, and finished, and more information may be available for you to understand the status of your import.
